NMS-15708: various corrections/clarifications in Sentinel docs (#6149)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/deployment/pages/sentinel/introduction.adoc

= Sentinel

Sentinel provides scalability for data processing of flows and streaming telemetry.
It also supports thresholding for streaming telemetry if you are using OpenNMS xref:deployment:time-series-storage/newts/introduction.adoc#ga-opennms-operation-newts[Newts].
The Sentinel requires a Minion.
It processes flow and streaming telemetry data received by one or more Minions.
If you are using Minions to receive flow and/or streaming telemetry and need to scale processing capacity, you need Sentinel.

> As your flow and streaming telemetry volumes increase, additional Sentinel containers can be spawned to meet your processing needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As your flow and streaming telemetry volumes increase, additional Sentinel instances can be deployed to meet your processing needs.
```
